### FOOTBALL




|     [General Rules](#general-rules)      |        [Main Markets](#main-markets)        |       [Goal Markets](#goal-markets)       |
| :--------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------: | :---------------------------------------: |
|    [Players Markets](#player-markets)    |            [Specials](#specials)            |            [Corners](#corners)            |
| [Bookings/Cards](#bookings%2Fcards) |          [Free Kicks](#free-kicks)          |         [Goal Kicks](#goal-kicks)         |
|         [Throw-Ins](#throw-ins)          |       [Substitutions](#substitutions)       |           [Offsides](#offsides)           |
|   [Penalty Markets](#penalty-markets)    | [Competition Markets](#competition-markets) |   [Combined Markets](#Combined-Markets)   |
|     [Other Markets](#other-markets)      |     [Fantasy Matches](#fantasy-matches)     | [E-Football Matches](#e-football-matches) |



#### General Rules

1. Unless otherwise stated, all Football bets will be settled based on the scheduled "90 minutes" play.
2. The term "90 minutes" play includes any stoppage or injury time. This does not include the extra-time, golden goals, penalty shoot-outs, or a match result which was altered by the official referee or the relevant governing authority after the match.
3. All In Play bets will be settled based on the outcome at the end of the scheduled "90 minutes" play, unless otherwise stated in the individual rule for the bet type.
4. The term "45 minutes" play includes any stoppage or injury time for the first half of play. This does not include the extra-time, golden goals, penalty shoot-outs, or a match result which was altered by the official referee or the relevant governing authority after the match.
5. Should there be any youth or friendly matches where play is set for 70 minutes (2 x 35 minute halves) or less, the company will announce before the start of the match. Otherwise all bets on these matches will be considered void.
6. For certain competitions or friendly matches where the scheduled play is 80 Minutes (2 x 40 minute halves), bets will be settled based on the scheduled time.
7. Beach football matches, only 36 minutes (3x12) on the plate; Indoor five-a-side football matches are limited to 40 minutes (2x20).
8. If the match is suspended or postponed at any time during play, and fail to resume within 36 hours, all bets will be considered void, unless explicitly stated below or in the individual Bet Type rules.
9. If a match is cancelled, interrupted or delayed and no kick-off information is received within 48 hours of the official kick-off time or within 48 hours of the official kick-off time but the kick-off time exceeds the official scheduled kick-off time by 7 days, all bets for that match will be void and cancelled.
10. Own goals are counted for settlement purpose, unless otherwise stated in the individual bet type rules.
11. If the scheduled venue is changed, all bets will be considered void if the original away team is now the home team.
12. For International matches, as long as the change in venue is within same country, all bets are considered valid.
13. For International competitions, as long as the venue is within the country or countries where the competition was originally scheduled to be held, all bets are considered valid.
14. We reserve the right to void all bets if we think other change of venues scenarios could affect the outcome of the event.
15. Should the exact start time of a match be unknown (e.g. due to TV scheduling), we reserve the right to adjust the original stated time, once it is within 72 hours of the official start time.



#### Main Markets



#### **Handicap**

#### **General Rules**

1. Predict who will win the match / half / period with the indicated handicap applied.
2. A "Handicap" means that a team receives a virtual head start, effectively leading the match by differing goals before it actually begins.
3. All bets will be settled by factoring in the indicated handicap applied at the end of the bet type period.
4. The favorite team, giving the handicap start, will be allocated the minus handicap and will be highlighted.
5. A handicap can be a full goal start (e.g. -1, -2, -3, etc.), a half goal start (e.g. -0.5, -1.5, -2.5, etc.) or a split goal start (e.g. -0/0.5, -0.5/1, -1/1.5, etc.).
6. Predict the winning team based on the information about the ball.
7. The settlement of bets will be based on the completion time of the match specified in 90 minutes.
8. If the event is cancelled or interrupted before the end of 90 minutes, all bets will be deemed invalid.



#### **Let the ball play**

1. Bet that the result of a match after the adjustment of the ball is a home win, an away win or a draw.

2. The result of the match is based on the result of the match during the legal game time, excluding the result of overtime or penalty shootout.

3. The stronger team will give the ball to the weaker team, and the result will be decided by the official result plus a round number of balls, such as one, two, three, etc. You can predict the win of the home team, the draw or the visitor team according to the adjusted result.

4. Put a (-) or (+) sign behind the team name for the home and visiting team.

  | Werder Bremen (-1)                                           | A draw (-1)                                                  | Bayern Munich (+1)                                           |
  | :----------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
  | (-) denotes the team that conceded the ball, and the subsequent number denotes the number of conceded balls, such as -1 for 1 conceded ball | (-) indicates that the home team has allowed the ball, and the following number indicates the number of balls allowed, for example -1 for 1 ball allowed | (+) denotes the team to be granted, and the following number denotes the number of grants, such as +1 for 1 ball granted |

  

5. Match to judge according to the calculation after the ball - ping, for example above to 【werder Bremen 】

6. 【 1 ball to [bayern Munich] and a full match of 1:1, after adjusting for let the ball match just will [bayern Munich] and a ball, and werder Bremen 】

7. 【 team had won a ball remain unchanged, therefore adjusted result is 1:2, so the bet [bayern Munich] + 1 bet to win."



#### **Handicap – 1st Half**

1. All 1st half bets apply to the first half of play only. Bets are settled on the score at the end of the scheduled "45 minutes"
2. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason during the 1st Half, all the first half bets will be considered void.
3. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason during the 2nd Half or additional periods, all the first half bets will be considered valid.



#### **In-Play Handicap**

1. All bets will be settled by factoring in the indicated handicap applied at the end of the bet type period.
2. Settlement is based on the score line, from when the bet was placed to the end of the match / period - i.e. the final score minus the current score of the match. For 1st Half Handicap bets, this is the final score at the end of the 1st Half.



#### **Extra Time - Handicap**

1. All bets will be settled by factoring in the indicated handicap at the end of "30 minutes" Extra Time, including injury time.
2. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted before Extra Time finishes, then all bets will be considered void.



#### **Extra Time – Handicap – 1st Half**

1. All bets will be settled by factoring in the indicated handicap at the end of "15 minutes" Extra Time, including injury time.
2. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason during the 1st half of Extra Time, all the first half bets will be considered void.
3. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason during the 2nd Extra Half or additional periods, all the first half bets will be considered valid.



#### **15 Minute Goals (Handicap)**

1. Predict which team will win a 15 minute period of play with the indicated handicap applied.

2. At the beginning of each 15 minute period, both teams start the period as if it was a 0-0 score line, irrelevant of the current score to that point.

3. All bets will be settled by factoring in the handicap at the end of the stated period.

4. If a match is abandoned, all current 15 minute period bets and future 15 minute period bets will be considered void. Any 15 minute period bets, where the stated period is completed, will be considered valid.

  | 15 Minute - Period 1 | Start of 1st Half - 14:59 Minutes |
  | :------------------: | :-------------------------------: |
  | 15 Minute - Period 2 |       15:00 - 29:59 Minutes       |
  | 15 Minute - Period 3 |     30:00 Minutes - Half Time     |
  | 15 Minute - Period 4 | Start of 2nd Half - 59:59 Minutes |
  | 15 Minute - Period 5 |       60:00 - 74:59 Minutes       |
  | 15 Minute - Period 6 |       75:00 Min - Full Time       |



#### **Goals - Over / Under**



#### **General Rules**

1. Predict whether the total number of goals will be Over or Under the indicated goal line.
2. If the total number of goals scored is more than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Over'. If the total number of goals scored is less than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Under'.
3. All Over / Under bets will be settled by factoring in the indicated handicap applied at the end of the bet type period.
4. An Over / Under market line can be a full goal (e.g. 2, 3, 4, etc.), a half goal (e.g. 1.5, 2.5, 3.5, etc.) or a split goal line (e.g. 1.5/2, 2.5/3, 3.5/4, etc.).
5. If a match is abandoned, Over / Under bets will only be settled if the market has been unconditionally determined and any further goals have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void. Please see the examples below:

  a.Example 1: Member bets Over 2.5 Goals:

  ​	ⅰ.The match is abandoned when the score is 2 –1

  ​	ⅱ.The member wins as, even though the match is abandoned, this market has been unconditionally determined and any other potential goals have no affect on the market result.

  b.Example 2: Member bets Under 2.5 Goals:

  ​	ⅰ.The match is abandoned when the score is 2 - 1

  ​	ⅱ.The member's bet is a losing bet as, even though the match is abandoned, this market has been unconditionally determined and any other potential goals have no affect on the market result.

  c.Example 3: Member bets Over 3.5 Goals:

  ​	ⅰ.The match is abandoned when the score is 2 - 1

  ​	ⅱ.The member's bet is considered void as the match was abandoned before the result of the market is unconditionally determined.



#### **Goals: Over / Under**

1. All bets apply to both halves of play. Bets are settled on the score at the end of the scheduled "90 minutes"
2. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason, all bets will be considered void, unless the market has been unconditionally determined.



#### **Goals: Over / Under – 1st Half**

1. All 1st half bets apply to the first half of play only. Bets are settled on the score at the end of the scheduled "45 minutes".
2. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason during the 1st Half, all the first half bets will be considered void, unless the market has been unconditionally determined.
3. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason during the 2nd Half or additional periods, all the first half bets will be considered valid.



#### **In-Play Over / Under Goals**

1. Settlement is based on the total number of goals scored by both teams at the end of "90 Minutes".



#### **Extra Time - Goals: Over / Under**

1. Both teams will start Extra Time 0-0, contrary to any previous goals scored during the regular period of play.
2. All bets will be settled by factoring in the number of goals scored at the end of "30 minutes" Extra Time, including injury time.
3. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted before Extra Time finishes, then all bets will be considered void.



#### **Extra Time - Goals: Over / Under – 1st Half**

1. All bets will be settled by factoring in the number of goals scored at the end of "15 minutes" Extra Time, including injury time.
2. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason during the 1st half of Extra Time, all the first half bets will be considered void.
3. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason during the 2nd Extra Half or additional periods, all the first half bets will be considered valid.



#### **Team Goals – Over / Under**

1. Predict whether the total number of goals, scored by the named team, will be over or under the indicated goal line for the relevant period in the specific match.
2. If the total number of goals scored is more than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Over'. If the total number of goals scored is less than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Under'.
3. If a match is abandoned, Single Team Over / Under bets will only be settled if the market has been unconditionally determined and any further goals have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.



#### **15 Minute Goals (Over / Under)**

1. Predict whether the total number of goals will be Over or Under the indicated goal line.

2. If the total number of goals scored is more than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Over'. If the total number of goals scored is less than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Under'.

3. At the beginning of each 15 minute period, both teams start the period as if it was a 0-0 score line, irrelevant of the current score to that point.

4. If a match is abandoned, all future 15 minute period bets will be considered void. Any 15 minute period bets, where the stated period is completed, will be considered valid. If a match is abandoned in the current stated 15 minute period, Over / Under bets will only be settled if the market has been unconditionally determined and any further goals have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.

  | 15 Minute - Period 1 | Start of 1st Half - 14:59 Minutes |
  | :------------------: | :-------------------------------: |
  | 15 Minute - Period 2 |       15:00 - 29:59 Minutes       |
  | 15 Minute - Period 3 |     30:00 Minutes - Half Time     |
  | 15 Minute - Period 4 | Start of 2nd Half - 59:59 Minutes |
  | 15 Minute - Period 5 |       60:00 - 74:59 Minutes       |
  | 15 Minute - Period 6 |       75:00 Min - Full Time       |



#### **Extra Time - 5 Minute Goals (Over / Under)**

1. Predict whether the total number of goals will be Over or Under the indicated goal line.

2. If the total number of goals scored is more than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Over'. If the total number of goals scored is less than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Under'.

3. At the beginning of each 5 minute period, both teams start the period as if it was a 0-0 score line, irrelevant of the current score to that point.

4. If a match is abandoned, all future 5 minute period bets will be considered void. Any 5 minute period bets, where the stated period is completed, will be considered valid. If a match is abandoned in the current stated 5 minute period, Over / Under bets will only be settled if the market has been unconditionally determined and any further goals have no effect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.

   | 5 Minute - Period 1 | Start of Extra Time - 04:59 Minutes |
   | :-----------------: | :---------------------------------: |
   | 5 Minute - Period 2 |        05:00 - 09:59 Minutes        |
   | 5 Minute - Period 3 |      10:00 Minutes - Half Time      |
   | 5 Minute - Period 4 |  Start of 2nd Half - 19:59 Minutes  |
   | 5 Minute - Period 5 |        20:00 - 24:59 Minutes        |
   | 5 Minute - Period 6 |        25:00 Min - Full Time        |



#### **1 X 2 (Match Betting)**



#### **General Rules**

1. Predict who will win the match. This market will contain the two teams and the draw as betting selections.
2. For bets to be valid, the match must start with a 0 - 0 score line.



#### **1 X 2**

1. Predict who will win or whether the result between both teams will be a draw at the end of "90 minutes" play.



#### **1 X 2 – 1st Half**

1. All 1st half bets apply to the first half of play only. Bets are settled on the score at the end of the scheduled "45 minutes".



#### **In-Play 1 X 2**

1. Predict who will win the match while it is in-play.

2. Settlement is based on the winning selection at the end of the bet type period.

3. Here is an example of In-Play 1 X 2.

  |                   | Current Score | 1 X 2 In-Play Price |
  | :---------------: | :-----------: | :-----------------: |
  |    Arsenal (H)    |       1       |        1.61         |
  | Manchester United |       0       |         6.0         |
  |       Draw        |               |         3.8         |

  a.Example 1: Member bets Arsenal when the score is Arsenal 1 - 0 Manchester United:

  ​	ⅰ.The final score is Arsenal 2 - 1 Manchester United.

  ​	ⅱ.The member wins as they bet Arsenal to win. All bets placed on Arsenal are winning bets.

  ​	ⅲ.All bets placed on Manchester United or the Draw when the score was 1 - 0 lose.

  b.Example 2: Member bets Manchester United when the score is Arsenal 1 - 0 Manchester United:

  ​	ⅰ.The final score is Arsenal 1 - 1 Manchester United

  ​	ⅱ.The member loses as they bet Manchester United to win and the result was a draw. All bets placed 	ⅲ.on Arsenal and Manchester United are considered losing bets.

  All bets placed on the Draw win.

4. In the event of extra time, a new market will be opened.



#### **Extra Time - 1 X 2**

1. Predict who will win or whether the result between both teams will be a draw at the end of "30 minutes" Extra Time play, including any injury time.
2. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted before Extra Time finishes, then all bets will be considered void.



#### **Extra Time - 1 X 2 – 1st Half**

1. Predict who will win or whether the result between both teams will be a draw at the end of "15 minutes" Extra Time play, including any injury time
2. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason during the 1st half of Extra Time, all the first half bets will be considered void.
3. If the match is abandoned, suspended, cancelled or aborted for whatsoever reason during the 2nd Extra Half or additional periods, all the first half bets will be considered valid.



#### **15 Minute Goals (1 X 2)**

1. Predict who will win the stated period. The match will contain two teams and the draw as betting selections.

2. For bets to be valid, both teams must begin the period with a 0-0 score line.

3. If match is abandoned, all current 15 minute period bets and future 15 minute period bets will be considered void. Any 15 minute period bets, where the stated period is completed, will be considered valid.

  | 15 Minute - Period 1 | Start of 1st Half - 14:59 Minutes |
  | :------------------: | :-------------------------------: |
  | 15 Minute - Period 2 |       15:00 - 29:59 Minutes       |
  | 15 Minute - Period 3 |     30:00 Minutes - Half Time     |
  | 15 Minute - Period 4 | Start of 2nd Half - 59:59 Minutes |
  | 15 Minute - Period 5 |       60:00 - 74:59 Minutes       |
  | 15 Minute - Period 6 |       75:00 Min - Full Time       |



#### **Timer to win**

1. Predict which team likely to win in timer. Market provide "Draw/Tie"
2. Bet settled based on 90-minute ball game played result
3. If match canceled before end in 90-minute or interrupted, bet as void
4. Settled based on bet placed to end result. Which score is substracted bet from end of the game. 1H quarter timer to win, the bet settled based on 1H end result



#### **Goals: Odd / Even**

1. Predict whether the number of goals scored in a specific match will be Odd or Even at the end of "90 minutes" play.
2. If the score finishes as 0-0 - 'Even' will be settled as the winning selection.



#### **Goals: Odd / Even – 1st Half**

1. Predict whether the number of goals scored in a specific match will be Odd or Even at the end of "45 minutes".
2. If the score finishes as 0-0 - 'Even' will be settled as the winning selection.



#### **Extra Time - Goals: Odd / Even**

1. Predict whether the number of goals scored in a specific match will be Odd or Even at the end of "30 minutes" Extra Time play, including injury time.
2. If the score finishes as 0-0 - 'Even' will be settled as the winning selection.



#### **Extra Time - Goals: Odd / Even – 1st Half**

1. Predict whether the number of goals scored in a specific match will be Odd or Even at the end of "15 minutes" Extra Time play, including injury time.
2. If the score finishes as 0-0 - 'Even' will be settled as the winning selection.



#### **15 Minute Goals (Odd / Even)**

1. Predict whether the number of goals scored in the stated 15 minutes of play will be Odd or Even.

2. For bets to be valid, both teams must begin the period with a 0-0 score line.

3. If match is abandoned, all current 15 minute period bets and future 15 minute period bets will be considered void. Any 15 minute period bets, where the stated period is completed, will be considered valid.

  | 15 Minute - Period 1 | Start of 1st Half - 14:59 Minutes |
  | :------------------: | :-------------------------------: |
  | 15 Minute - Period 2 |       15:00 - 29:59 Minutes       |
  | 15 Minute - Period 3 |     30:00 Minutes - Half Time     |
  | 15 Minute - Period 4 | Start of 2nd Half - 59:59 Minutes |
  | 15 Minute - Period 5 |       60:00 - 74:59 Minutes       |
  | 15 Minute - Period 6 |       75:00 Min - Full Time       |



#### **Correct Score**

1. Predict the full time Correct Score for the specific match.
2. Full time Correct Score bets are settled according to the score after the full "90 minutes".
3. If a match is abandoned with clear result or full time Correct Score bets placed at 'Any Other Score' will only be settled which is the only possible winning selection. This is due to the market being unconditionally determined as any further goals have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.



#### *Correct Score – 1st Half**

1. Predict the half time Correct Score for the specific match.
2. Half time Correct Score bets apply to the first half of play only. Bets are settled on the score at the end of the scheduled "45 minutes".
3. If a match is abandoned during the 1st half with clear result or all the half time Correct Score bets placed at 'Any Other Score' will only be settled which is the only possible winning selection. This is due to the market being unconditionally determined as any further goals have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.
4. If the match is abandoned during the 2nd Half or additional periods, all the half time Correct Score bets will be considered valid.



#### **Winning Margin**

1. Predict the number of goals that separate the winning team from the losing team at the end of a specific match.
2. Bets are settled on the basis of "90 minutes" play.
3. Any match ending as a draw/ tie will be settled according to 'score draw' or 'no score draw'.



#### **Extra Time - Winning Margin**

1. Predict the number of goals that separate the winning team from the losing team at the end of Extra Time.
2. Bets are settled on the basis of "30 minutes" Extra Time play (including injury time) and do not include any subsequent Penalty Shootout.
3. Any match ending as a draw/ tie will be settled according to 'Score Draw' or 'No Goal'.



#### **Double Chance**

1. Bet on 2 of the 3 possible outcomes; home win and draw (1 & X), away win and draw (X & 2) or home win and away win (1 & 2).
2. The three options available are: 1 X, X 2, 1 2:

  a."1" indicates: Home win.

  b."X" indicates: Draw.

  c."2" indicates: Away win.
3. If a match venue is played at neutral ground, the team listed first is deemed the "Home Team" for betting purposes



#### Goal Markets



#### **Total Goals**

1. Predict the total number of goals scored between the two teams for the relevant period in the specific match.



#### **Total Goals**

1. Predict the full time total number of goals scored between the two teams.
2. Full time Total Goals' bets are settled according to the score after the full "90 minutes".
3. If a match is abandoned, Total Goals bets will only be settled when 7 goals or more have been scored. This is due to the market being unconditionally determined as any further goals have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.



#### **Total Goals – 1st Half**

1. Predict the half time total number of goals scored between the two teams.
2. Half time Total Goals' bets apply to the first half of play only. Bets are settled on the score at the end of the scheduled "45 minutes".
3. If a match is abandoned, Total Goals bets will only be settled when 4 goals or more have been scored. This is due to the market being unconditionally determined as any further goals have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.



#### **First Goal / Last Goal**

1. Predict the team to score the First / Last goal in a designated match within the official "90 minutes" play.
2. Please note that own goals are counted in favor of the team accredited with the score for the settlement of bets. For example Team A vs. Team B, Team B scores an own goal to make the score 1-0, the first team to score is Team A.
3. If a match is abandoned after the first goal is scored, all bets on First Team to Score will be considered valid.
4. If a match is abandoned, all bets on Last Team to Score will be considered void.



#### **X Goal (Next Goal)**

1. Predict the next team to score in a designated match within the official "90 minutes" play.
2. If the company decides to offer the market for extra time, a new market will be opened.
3. Please note that own goals are counted in favor of the team accredited with the score for the settlement of bets. For example, in the case of Team A versus Team B - if Team A scores an own goal, then that goal is credited to Team B.
4. If a match is abandoned, all bets will be considered void unless the market has already been unconditionally determined.



#### **Who will score**

1. Predict team scoring situation, the settlement is based on the result within 90 mins, OT and PEN will not be counted.



#### **Both Teams to Score**

1. Predict yes or no if both teams will score in the match after the full "90 minutes" play.
2. If a match is abandoned after both teams have scored, all bets will be considered valid.
3. Otherwise, if the match is postponed or abandoned without both teams scoring, all bets will be considered void.
4. Only own goals for the beneficiary team are counted for betting purposes.



#### **Goal interval**

1. Forecast the total number of goals scored in the full game (excluding extra time and penalty shootout).
2. All bets are made after the official 90 minutes of the match, including injury time.
3. In the event of interruption, the final result published by the official unit will prevail, including the restart of the match or the designated score.



#### **Margin points**

1. To predict the goal difference of the team in the whole game (excluding extra time and penalty shootout).
2. The settlement of bets is based on the difference of the score after 90 minutes of matches.
3. f the game ends in a draw, the score will be calculated as a draw.



#### **Both Teams to Score - 1st Half**

1. Predict yes or no if both teams will score within the first "45 minutes" play.
2. If a match is abandoned in the first half after both teams have scored, all bets will be considered valid.
3. Otherwise, if the match is suspended or abandoned in the first half without both teams scoring, all bets will be considered void.
4. Only own goals for the beneficiary team are counted for betting purposes.



#### **Both Teams to Score - 2nd Half**

1. Predict yes or no if both teams will score within the second "45 minutes" play.
2. If a match is abandoned after both teams have scored within the second half, all bets will be considered valid.
3. Otherwise, if the match is suspended or abandoned in the second half without both teams scoring, all bets will be considered void.
4. Only own goals for the beneficiary team are counted for betting purposes.



#### **Clean Sheet**

1. Predict that a specific team will not concede any goals during a stated match. Market is based on "90 minutes" play.
2. The selected team chosen does not need to win the game for bet to be successful, i.e. 0-0, will be settled as a winning bet.



#### **To Win to Nil**

1. Predict whether your selection can win the match without conceding a goal after the full "90 minutes" play.
2. The term 'Clean Sheet' refers to a team who did not concede any goals in the specific match.



#### **Race to 2 Goals / 3 Goals**

1. Predict the first team in the match to score two goals / three goals within the full "90 minutes".
2. If the match is abandoned after a team has scored 2 goals / 3 goals, then all bets for the market will be considered valid.



#### **Half with Most Goals**

1. Predict which half of "45 minutes" will have the most goals after the full "90 minutes".
2. This is a two selection market - if the number of goals scored in both halves are the same, bets will be void.
3. A breakdown of the selections are:

  a.1st Half

  b.2nd Half



#### **Half with Most Goals (1 X 2)**

1. Predict which half of "45minutes" will have the most goals after the full "90 minutes".
2. This is a three selection market - if the number of goals scored in both halves is the same, the 'Tie' will be settled as the winning selection.
3. A breakdown of the selections are:

  a.1st Half

  b.2nd Half

  c.Tie



#### **To Score in Both Halves**

1. Predict if the home / away team will score at least one goal in each half of the match after the full "90 minutes" play.
2. If the selected team score in only one half or does not score at all, then all bets will be settled as losing bets.
3. If an own goal is scored, only the team accredited with the goal will have it counted towards the respective bet.
4. In the event of a match being abandoned after the named team has scored in both halves, all bets on that team will be settled as a winning selection.
5. In the event of a match being abandoned in the 2nd half, after the named team failed to score in the 1st half, all bets on that team will be settled as a losing selection.
6. In the event of a match being abandoned in the 2nd half, after the named team scores in the 1st half, all bets on that team will be considered void.



#### **First Goal Method**

1. Predict what the method of the first goal will be.
2. If a match is abandoned after the first goal is scored, all bets will be considered valid.
3. A breakdown of the selections are:

  a.Free Kick: The goal must be scored directly from the free kick. Deflected shots count provided the free-kick taker is awarded the goal.

  b.Penalty: The goal must be scored directly from the penalty, with the penalty taker as the named goal scorer. A goal as a result of rebound does not count, even if scored by the original penalty taker.

  c.Own Goal: The goal must be awarded as an own goal.

  d.Header: The goal scorer must clearly use their head to score the goal.

  e.Shot: All other methods of goal. All other goal types which are not included in the above methods are included here.

  f.No Goal: No goal is scored.



#### **Time of 1st Goal – 3-Way**

1. Predict the time in which the first goal will be scored in the specific match within the full "90 minutes". The choice of No Goal is also optional within the betting market.

2. An example of the selections are:

  | Option 1 | 26 and Under Minutes |
  | :------: | :------------------: |
  | Option 2 |     27 + Minutes     |
  | Option 3 |       No Goal        |

3. For settlement purposes, the 1st minute of the match is from 1 second to 59 seconds. The 2nd minute is from 1 minute to 1 minute 59 seconds and so on.

4. For example, if a bet is placed on the time of the first goal being between the 1st and the 26th minute and the first goal is scored at 26 minutes 49 seconds, the bet is a losing bet as this falls within the "27th minute onwards" selection.

5. If the match is abandoned after the first goal is scored, all bets on "Time of the First Goal" will be valid.

6. If the match is abandoned before the first goal is scored, all bets on "Time of the First Goal" will be considered void.

7. The first goal has to stand to be valid. This includes own goals. Goals that are disallowed by the referee(s) will not be considered



#### **Time of 1st Goal**

1. Predict the time in which the first goal will be scored in the specific match within the full "90 minutes".

2. An example of the selections are:

  | 15 Minute - Period 1 | Start of 1st Half - 14:59 Minutes |
  | :------------------: | :-------------------------------: |
  | 15 Minute - Period 2 |       15:00 - 29:59 Minutes       |
  | 15 Minute - Period 3 |     30:00 Minutes - Half Time     |
  | 15 Minute - Period 4 | Start of 2nd Half - 59:59 Minutes |
  | 15 Minute - Period 5 |       60:00 - 74:59 Minutes       |
  | 15 Minute - Period 6 |       75:00 Min - Full Time       |

3. For settlement purposes, the 1st minute of the match is from 1 second to 59 seconds. The 2nd minute is from 1 minute to 1 minute 59 seconds and so on.

4. If the match is abandoned after the first goal is scored, all bets on "Time of the First Goal" will be valid.

5. If the match is abandoned before the first goal is scored, all bets on "Time of the First Goal" will be considered void.

6. The first goal has to stand to be valid. This includes own goals. Goals that are disallowed by the referee(s) will not be considered.



#### **Own Goal**

1. Predict whether an own goal will be recorded within a specific game.
2. Settlement will be based on any active player from either team being recorded as scoring an own goal.
3. If the match is abandoned before any own goal is recorded, then any bets on this market will be considered void.



#### Player Markets



#### **General Rules (First / Last / Anytime Goal Scorer)**

1. ‘Others’ selection refers to any player not named scoring a goal (not including an own goal) within the official “90 minutes”.
2. ‘No Goal’ selection refers zero goals being scored by both teams within the official “90 minutes” (i.e. Full Time result of 0-0)



#### **First Goal Scorer**

1. From the list of players offered, nominate the player to score the first goal of the match within the official "90 minutes".
2. Own goals do not count for "First Goal Scorer" purposes and will be ignored. In the event of an own goal, no goal will be taken into consideration.
3. If an own goal is the only goal scored, "Others" will be settled as the winning goal scorer selection.
4. For "First Goal Scorer", bets on players not taking part in the match and players coming on after the first goal is scored will be void.
5. If the player you have bet on to be the first goal scorer is sent off or substituted by another player before the "First Goal Scorer" is decided, the bet will be rendered as a losing bet.
6. If the match is abandoned after the first goal is scored, then all bets for "First Goal Scorer" will be considered valid.
7. If the match is abandoned before the first goal is scored, all bets on "First Goal Scorer" will be considered void.



#### **Last Goal Scorer**

1. From the list of players offered, nominate the player to score the last goal of the match within the official "90 minutes" play.
2. Own goals do not count for Last Goal Scorer" purposes and will be ignored. In the event of an own goal, the next or previous goal will be taken into consideration.
3. If an own goal is the only goal scored, "Others" will be settled as the winning goal scorer selection.
4. If the player you have bet on to be the last goal scorer is sent off or substituted for another player before the "Last Goal Scorer" is decided, the bet will be rendered as a losing bet.
5. For "Last Goal Scorer", all players taking part in a match will be considered valid.
6. If the match is abandoned then all bets on "Last Goal Scorer" will be considered void.



#### **Anytime Goal Scorer**

1. From the list of players offered, nominate the player to score at anytime in the specific match within the official "90 minutes" play.
2. Bets will be void if the selected player does not play in the match.
3. Bets stand if the selected player is fielded at any time during the regular time of play.
4. If the match is abandoned after a player has scored, then all bets for that player within the "Anytime Goal Scorer" market will be considered valid.
5. If the match is abandoned, any bets on a nominated player yet to score will be considered void. However, if that nominated player had been red-carded before the abandonment of the match, then any relevant bets on that player will be considered losing bets.
6. Own goal and goals scored during extra time or penalty shootouts do not count.



#### Specials



#### **Team to Kick Off**

1. Predict which team will start the match by kicking off.
2. If the match is abandoned after kick off, all bets for "Which Team to Kick Off" will be considered valid.



#### **Winning Method**

1. Predict the period in which either team will win the stated match and hence the tournament or competition.
2. Bets are settled according to the team selected winning the match within the period selected. The periods choices are "90 Minutes", Extra Time or Penalties.



#### **Qualifying Method**

1. Predict the period in which either team will win the stated match and hence qualify to the next stage of the tournament or competition.
2. Bets are settled according the team selected winning the match within the period selected. The periods choices are "90 Minutes", Extra Time or Penalties.
3. The aggregate score from both legs of a match (including away goals rule) will count towards any settlement within "90 Minutes".



#### **To Win Both Halves**

1. Predict whether your selection can score more goals than their opponent in each half, within the full "90 minutes" of play.
2. If a match is abandoned, all bets will be considered void.
3. If the result is a draw or no goal is scored in either one or both halves, all bets will be settled as losing selections.



#### **To Win Either Half**

1. Predict whether your selection can score more goals than their opponent in one of the two halves, within the full "90 minutes" of play.
2. If a match is abandoned in the 2nd half, bets will be considered valid if one team wins the 1st half. If both teams draw in the 1st half, bets will be considered void.
3. If the result is a draw or no goal is scored in both halves, all bets will be settled as losing selections. However if both teams each win a half, then bets on both teams will be settled as winning selections.



#### **Total Shots on Target**

1. Predict the total number of shots on target by both teams within the full "90 minutes".
2. All bets are settled based on the official results made available from the Football authority responsible for organising the match.



#### **First Half - First Action**

1. Predict the first recorded action from a series of options within the first "45 minutes".
2. Choices may include Free Kick, Goal Kick, Throw In, Offside, Goal, Yellow Card amongst others.
3. If a match is abandoned in the 1st Half, all bets will be considered void unless 'First Action' has been recorded. If a match is abandoned in the 2nd Half, all First Half bets will be valid.
4. All bets are settled based on the official statistics made available from the Football authority responsible for organizing the match.



#### **Second Half - First Action**

1. Predict the first recorded action from a series of options within the second "45 minutes".
2. Choices may include Free Kick, Goal Kick, Throw In, Offside, Goal, Yellow Card amongst others.
3. If a match is abandoned in the 2nd Half, all bets will be considered void unless 'First Action' in that half has been recorded.
4. All bets are settled based on the official statistics made available from the Football authority responsible for organizing the match.



#### **Injury Time Awarded at the End of the Half**

1. Predict how much injury / stoppage time will be added to the end of the specific half.
2. All bets are settled based on the injury time indicated by the match 4th Official at the end of the specific half.
3. Injury / stoppage time added to the end of each half in Extra Time does not count. This applies to the end of each half within the normal "90 minutes" of play.



#### **Injury Time Awarded at the End of the 1st Half - Over / Under**

1. Predict how much injury / stoppage time will be added to the end of the 1st half after the full official "45 minutes" of play.
2. If the total is more than the Over / Under line then the winning result is 'Over'. If the total is less than the Over / Under line then the winning result is 'Under'.
3. Bets are settled on the injury time awarded by the match fourth official after the full official "45 minutes" of play.
4. If a match is abandoned anytime within the official "45 minutes" of play, all bets on "Injury Time Awarded at the End of the 1st Half" will be considered void.
5. If a match is abandoned after the 1st Half has been completed, all bets on "Injury Time Awarded at the End of the 1st Half" will be considered valid.



#### **Injury Time Awarded at the End of the 2nd Half - Over / Under**

1. Predict how much injury / stoppage time will be added to the end of the 2nd half after the full official "90 minutes" of play.
2. If the total is more than the Over / Under line then the winning result is 'Over'. If the total is less than the Over / Under line then the winning result is 'Under'.
3. Bets are settled on the injury time awarded by the match fourth official after the full official "90 minutes" of play.
4. If a match is abandoned anytime within the official "90 minutes" of play, all bets on "Injury Time Awarded at the End of the 2nd Half" will be considered void.



#### **Total Injury Time Awarded for Both Halves - Over / Under**

1. Predict how much injury / stoppage time will be added to the end of the 1st and 2nd halves.
2. The total injury time awarded will be the combined injury time awarded at the end of the first and second halves by the match 4th official, once the full official "90 minutes" of play has been completed.
3. If the total is more than the Over / Under line then the winning result is 'Over'. If the total is less than the Over / Under line then the winning result is 'Under'.
4. If a match is abandoned anytime within the official "90 minutes" of play, all bets on "Total Injury Time Awarded for Both Halves" will be considered void.



#### Corners



#### **Corners: General Rules**

1. For settlement purposes, corners awarded but not taken will not count.
2. All bets are settled based on the official results made available from the Football authority responsible for organising the match.
3. Retaken corners will only count once.



#### **Corners: Handicap**

1. Predict which team will have taken the most corners with the indicated handicap applied through the full "90 minutes" of play.
2. Corners Handicap is similar to Match Handicap - all bets will be settled by factoring in the indicated handicap applied at the end of the bet type period.



#### **Corners: Handicap – 1st Half**

1. Predict which team will have taken the most corners with the indicated handicap applied through "45 minutes".
2. Corners Handicap is similar to Match Handicap - all bets will be settled by factoring in the indicated handicap applied at the end of the bet type period.



#### **Corners: Over / Under**

1. Predict whether the total number of corners taken will be Over or Under the indicated corner line after "90 minutes" play, including injury time.
2. Corners Over / Under is similar to Match Over / Under - if the total number of corners taken is more than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Over'. If the total number of corners taken is less than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Under'.
3. If a match is abandoned, Corners Over / Under bets will only be settled if the market has been unconditionally determined and any further Corners have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.



#### **Corners: Over / Under – 1st Half**

1. Predict whether the total number of Corners taken will be 'Over' or 'Under' the indicated corner line for "45 minutes".
2. If the total number of Corners taken is more than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Over'. If the total number of corners taken is less than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Under'.
3. If a match is abandoned in the first half, Corners Over / Under bets will only be settled if the market has been unconditionally determined and any further Corners have no affect on the market result.
4. If a match is abandoned in the second half, all bets relating to first half Corners Over / Under will be considered valid.



#### **Corners: 1 X 2**

1. Predict the team that will record more Corners or the same number of Corners as their opponent, over the course of "90 minutes".
2. If a match is abandoned, Corners 1 X 2 bets will only be settled if the market has been unconditionally determined and any further Corners have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.



#### **Corners: 1 X 2 – 1st Half**

1. Predict the team that will record more Corners or the same number of Corners as their opponent, over the course of "45 minutes"
2. If a match is abandoned in the first half, Corners 1 X 2 bets will only be settled if the market has been unconditionally determined and any further Corners have no affect on the market result.
3. If a match is abandoned in the second half, all bets relating to first half Corners 1 X 2 will be considered valid.



#### **Corners: Odd / Even**

1. Predict whether the total number of Corners taken will be Odd or Even over the course of "90 minutes" play.
2. If no Corners are taken, i.e. 0, then the market will be settled as 'Even'.
3. If a match is abandoned, all bets will be void, unless the market has been unconditionally determined and any further Corners have no affect on the market result.



#### **Corners: Odd / Even – 1st Half**

1. Predict whether the total number of Corners taken will be Odd or Even over the course of "45 minutes" play.
2. If a match is abandoned in the first half, Corners Odd / Even bets will only be settled if the market has been unconditionally determined and any further Corners have no affect on the market result.
3. If a match is abandoned in the second half, all bets relating to first half Corners Odd / Even will be considered valid.



#### **First Corner / Last Corner**

1. Predict the team to take the First or Last corner in a designated match within the official "90 minutes" play.
2. If a match is abandoned after the "First Corner" is taken, all bets on "First Corner" will be considered valid.
3. If a match is abandoned, all bets on "Last Corner" will be considered void.
4. If no corner is taken by either team within the bet type period, all bets on "First Corner / Last Corner" will be considered void.



#### **Half with Most Corners**

1. Predict which half will have the most corners taken after the full "90 minutes".
2. If a match is abandoned, any Half with Most Corners bets will only be settled if the result is unconditionally determined and any further corners have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.



#### **Corners - X Corner**

1. Predict which team will be recorded as taking a specific corner yet to happen.
2. The selections offered may be one corner or multiple corners ahead, e.g. 4th Corner or 4th and 5th Corner (each being separate markets)
3. Retaken corners will only count once.
4. If the match is abandoned before 'X Corner' is taken, then any bet on that corner will be considered void. All corners recorded prior to abandonment will be considered valid.



#### **Time of the First Corner**

1. Predict the time in which the first corner will be taken in the specific match.
2. An example of the selections are:

  a.Up to and including the 8th Minute

  b.9th minute onwards
3. For settlement purposes, the 1st minute of the match is from 1 second to 59 seconds. The 2nd minute is from 1 minute to 1 minute 59 seconds and so on.
4. For example, if a bet is placed on the time of the first corner being between the 1st and the 8th minute and the first corner is taken (as opposed to awarded) at 8 minutes 49 seconds, the bet is a losing bet as this falls within the "9th minute onwards" selection.
5. If the match is abandoned after the first corner is taken, all bets on "Time of the First Corner" will be valid.
6. If the match is abandoned before the first corner is taken, all bets on "Time of the First Corner" will be considered void.
7. If no corner is taken in the full "90 minutes" of play, all bets will be considered void.
8. In the event that the 1st corner kick has to be retaken, the time that the corner is retaken at shall be deemed as the time of the first corner.



#### **15 Minute Corners**

1. In accordance with 15 Minute Rules as laid out in Main Markets above, predict which team will obtain the required winning statistic in either Handicap, 1 X 2, Over / Under or Odd / Even.
2. Corner kick time is based on the time the corner kick kicked.



#### **Corners – Double Chance**

1. Bet on 2 of the 3 possible outcomes; home win and draw (1 & X), away win and draw (X & 2) or home win and away win (1 & 2).

2. The three options available are: 1 X, X 2, 1 2:

   a."1" indicates: Home win.

   b."X" indicates: Draw.

   c."2" indicates: Away win.



#### Bookings/Cards



#### **Bookings: General Rules**

1. For settlement purposes, cards issued to non-players (e.g. managers or substitutes who play no subsequent part in the match) do not count.
2. A yellow card constitutes 1 point and a red card constitutes 2 points. If a player is issued with 2 yellow cards, the total bookings points received by the same player will be counted as 1 point for the yellow card and 2 points for the red card - giving a total of 3 points (second yellow card not counted, a maximum of 3 points can be accumulated by an individual player per match).
3. All bets are settled based on the official results made available from the Football authority responsible for organising the match.



#### **Bookings: Handicap**

1. Predict which team will receive the most bookings with the indicated handicap applied through the full "90 minutes".
2. Bookings Handicap is similar to Match Handicap - all bets will be settled by factoring in the indicated handicap applied at the end of the bet type period.



#### **Bookings: Handicap – 1st Half**

1. Predict which team will receive the most bookings with the indicated handicap applied through "45 minutes".
2. Bookings Handicap is similar to Match Handicap - all bets will be settled by factoring in the indicated handicap applied at the end of the bet type period.



#### **Bookings: Over / Under**

1. Predict whether the total number of Bookings will be 'Over' or 'Under' the indicated line at the end of "90 minutes" play.
2. Bookings Over / Under is similar to Match Over / Under - if the total number of bookings is more than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Over'. If the total number of bookings is less than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Under'.
3. If a match is abandoned, Bookings Over / Under bets will only be settled if the market has been unconditionally determined and any further Bookings have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.



#### **Bookings: Over / Under – 1st Half**

1. Predict whether the total number of Bookings will be 'Over' or 'Under' the indicated line at the end of "45 minutes"
2. If the total number of Bookings is more than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Over'. If the total number of bookings is less than the indicated line, the market is settled as 'Under'.
3. If a match is abandoned in the first half, all bets will be considered void unless the market has been unconditionally determined as that no further Bookings will have an effect on the market result.
4. If a match is abandoned in the second half, all first half bets in respect of Bookings Over / Under will be considered valid.



#### **Bookings: 1 X 2**

1. Predict which team will record the most number of Bookings at the end of "90 minutes" or whether both will finish on with the same number.
2. If a match is abandoned at any stage, all bets will be considered void unless the market has been unconditionally determined as that no further bookings will have an effect on the market result.



#### **Bookings: 1 X 2 – 1st Half**

1. Predict which team will record the most number of Bookings at the end of "45 minutes" or whether both will finish with the same number.
2. If a match is abandoned in the first half, all bets will be considered void unless the market has been unconditionally determined as that no further Bookings will have an effect on the market result.
3. If a match is abandoned in the second half, all first half bets in respect of Bookings 1 X 2 will be considered valid.



#### **Bookings: Odd / Even**

1. Predict whether the total number of bookings will be Odd / Even at the end of "90 minutes".
2. If a match is abandoned all bets will be considered void unless the market has been unconditionally determined as that no further bookings will have an effect on the market result.
3. If no Bookings are recorded, i.e. 0, then the market will be settled as 'Even'.



#### **Bookings: Odd / Even – 1st Half**

1. Predict whether the total number of Bookings will be Odd / Even at the end of "45 minutes".
2. If a match is abandoned in the first half, all bets will be considered void unless the market has been unconditionally determined as that no further bookings will have an effect on the market result.
3. If a match is abandoned in the second half, all first half bets in respect of Bookings Odd / Even will be considered valid.
4. If no Bookings are recorded, i.e. 0, then the market will be settled as 'Even'.



#### **First Booking / Last Booking**

1. Predict whether the Home or Away team will have a player to be the first / last to receive any card (yellow or red) in a designated match within the full "90 minutes" of play.
2. In the event of two or more players receiving a booking for the same incident, then the player who is shown the first yellow / red card by the referee will be deemed the "winner" for settlement purposes.
3. Any cards issued to non-players (e.g. managers, coaches or substitutes) do not count.
4. If a match is abandoned after the first booking is issued, all bets on the "First Booking" will stand.
5. If a match is abandoned after the first booking is issued, all bets on the "Last Booking" will be considered void.
6. If a match is abandoned before the first booking is issued, all bets on the "First Booking" and "Last Booking" will be considered void.
7. If there is no card received by either team within the official "90 minutes" of play, all bets placed on the "First / Last Booking" markets will be considered void.



#### **Bookings - X Booking**

1. Predict which team will be recorded as shown a specific booking yet to happen.
2. The selections offered may be one booking or multiple bookings ahead, e.g. 4th Booking or 4th and 5th Booking (each being separate markets)
3. If the match is abandoned before 'X Booking' is recorded, then any bet on that booking will be considered void. All bookings recorded prior to abandonment will be considered valid.



#### **Team to Receive Most Bookings**

1. Predict which team will accumulate the most points, based on the number of cards issued to each team.
2. Bets are settled on the team which receives the highest cumulative number of yellow and red cards in the full "90 minutes" of play.
3. An example of the selections are:

  a.Team A

  b.Team B

  c.Tie



#### **Time of the First Booking**

1. Predict the time in which the first booking will be issued in the specific match.
2. An example of the selections are:

  a.Up to and including the 8th Minute

  b.9th minute onwards
3. For settlement purposes, the 1st minute of the match is from 1 second to 59 seconds. The 2nd minute is from 1 minute to 1 minute 59 seconds and so on.
4. For example, if a bet is placed on the time of the first booking being between the 1st and the 8th minute and the first booking is issued at 8 minutes 49 seconds, the bet is a losing bet as this falls within the "9th minute onwards" selection.
5. Any cards issued to non-players (e.g. managers, coaches or substitutes) do not count.
6. If the match is abandoned after the first booking is issued, all bets on "Time of the First Booking" will be valid.
7. If the match is abandoned before the first booking is issued, all bets on "Time of the First Booking" will be considered void.
8. If no booking is issued in the full "90 minutes" of play, all bets will be considered void.



#### **Red Card (Player)**

1. Predict whether a red card will be issued in the match within the full "90 minutes" of play.
2. Any cards issued to non-players (e.g. managers, coaches or substitutes) do not count.
3. If a match is abandoned after a red card is issued, all bets on the "Red Card in the Match" will stand.
4. If a match is abandoned before a red card is issued, all bets on the "Red Card in the Match" will be considered void.



#### **15 Minute Bookings**

1. In accordance with 15 Minute Rules as laid out in Main Markets above, predict which team will obtain the required winning statistic in either Handicap, 1 X 2, Over / Under or Odd / Even.



#### **Bookings – Double Chance**

1. Bet on 2 of the 3 possible outcomes; home win and draw (1 & X), away win and draw (X & 2) or home win and away win (1 & 2).

2. The three options available are: 1 X, X 2, 1 2:

   a."1" indicates: Home win.

   b."X" indicates: Draw.

   c."2" indicates: Away win.



#### Free Kicks



#### **First Free Kick / Last Free Kick**

1. Predict whether the Home or Away team will take the first / last free kick in a designated match within the full "90 minutes" of play.
2. If a match is abandoned after the first free kick is taken, all bets on the "First Free Kick" will stand.
3. If a match is abandoned after the first free kick is taken, all bets on the "Last Free Kick" will be considered void.
4. If a match is abandoned before the first free kick is taken, all bets on the "First Free Kick" and "Last Free Kick" will be considered void.
5. If there is no free kick taken by either team within the official "90 minutes" of play, all bets placed on "First/Last Free Kick" markets will be considered void.



#### Goal Kicks

#### **First Goal Kick / Last Goal Kick**

1. Predict whether the Home or Away team will take the first / last goal kick in a designated match within the full "90 minutes" of play.
2. If a match is abandoned after the first goal kick is taken, all bets on the "First Goal Kick" will stand.
3. If a match is abandoned after the first goal kick is taken, all bets on the "Last Goal Kick" will be considered void.
4. If a match is abandoned before the first goal kick is taken, all bets on the "First Goal Kick" and "Last Goal Kick" will be considered void.
5. If there is no goal kick taken by either team within the official "90 minutes" of play, all bets placed on the "First / Last Goal Kick" markets will be considered void.



#### Throw-Ins

#### **First Throw-in / Last Throw-in**

1. Predict whether the Home or Away team will take the first / last throw-in in a designated match within the full "90 minutes" of play.
2. If a match is abandoned after the first throw-in is taken, all bets on the "First Throw-in" will stand.
3. If a match is abandoned after the first throw-in is taken, all bets on the "Last Throw-in" will be considered void.
4. If a match is abandoned before the first throw-in is taken, all bets on the "First Throw-in" and "Last Throw-in" will be considered void.
5. If there is no throw-in taken by either team within the official "90 minutes" of play, all bets placed on the "First / Last Throw-in" markets will be considered void.



#### Substitutions

#### **First Substitution / Last Substitution**

1. Predict whether the Home or Away team will make the First / Last Substitution in a designated match within the full "90 minutes" of play.
2. In the event of more than two players being substituted at the same time, the player number that is shown first by the 4th official will be deemed the winning selection for settlement purposes.
3. If a match is abandoned after the first substitution is made, all bets on the "First Substitution" will stand.
4. If a match is abandoned, all bets on the "Last Substitution" will be considered void unless the result is unconditionally determined and any further substitutions have no affect on the market result. This can only happen when both teams have used their total allocated amount of substitutions for the match. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.
5. If a match is abandoned before the first substitution is made, all bets on the "First Substitution" and "Last Substitution" will be considered void.
6. If there is no substitution taken by either team within the official "90 minutes" of play, all bets placed on the "First / Last Substitution" markets will be considered void.



#### Offsides



#### **First Offside / Last Offside**

1. Predict whether the Home or Away team will have the First / Last Offside in a designated match within the full "90 minutes" of play.
2. If a match is abandoned after the first offside, all bets on the "First Offside" will stand.
3. If a match is abandoned after the first offside, all bets on the "Last Offside" will be considered void.
4. If a match is abandoned before the first offside, all bets on the "First Offside" and "Last Offside" will be considered void.
5. If there are no offside's by either team within the official "90 minutes" of play, all bets placed on the "First / Last Offside" markets will be considered void.



#### Penalty Markets



#### **General Rules**

1. The settlement of Penalty Shootout markets is based on the round (and penalties scored) when a winner is determined.
2. Should a competition rule state that all penalties must be taken, any penalties taken after the winner is determined will be ignored for settlement purposes.



#### **Draw a refund**

1. Predict which team will win the final victory.
2. The settlement of betting is subject to the result of the match within 90 minutes of the completion time specified in the match.
3. If the event is cancelled or interrupted before the end of 90 minutes, all tickets will be deemed invalid.
4. Bets will be returned in the event of a tie.



#### **Penalty Shootout - Handicap**

1. Predict who will win the penalty shootout with the indicated handicap applied.
2. Sudden death is included for Handicap betting in a penalty shoot-out market.
3. If the match does not go to a shootout, all bets will be void.
4. Penalties scored throughout the "90 minutes" play and during extra time will not be included for settlement purposes.



#### **Penalty Shootout – Goals: Over / Under**

1. Predict whether the total number of penalties scored in the shootout will be Over or Under the indicated goal line.
2. Over / Under betting for a penalty shootout only includes the standard 10 penalties in a shoot-out (5 for each team). Sudden death penalties are not included.
3. Here is an example:

  a.Liverpool 4 - 1 Tottenham - the Over / Under line is settled at 5.

  b.Liverpool 6 - 5 Tottenham (Result after 5 penalties each: Liverpool 4 - 4 Tottenham) - the Over / Under line is settled at 8 as this is the total number of penalties scored after each team took 5 penalty kicks.
4. If the match does not go to a shootout, all bets will be void.
5. Penalties scored throughout the "90 minutes" play and during extra time will not be included for settlement purposes.
6. If a match is abandoned during a penalty shootout, Over / Under bets will only be settled when the market has been unconditionally determined and any penalties scored have no affect on the market result. In all other scenarios, bets will be considered void.



#### **Penalty Shootout – 1 X 2**

1. Predict who will win the Penalty Shootout or whether the result will be a draw.
2. Sudden Death (Round 6 onwards) is not included.
3. Settlement will be based on number of goals recorded by each team, up to and including Round 5 of the Penalty Shootout.



#### **Penalty (Shootout) - Goal / No Goal**

1. Predict whether the specified team will score the specified penalty within the Penalty Shootout.
2. Settlement will be based on the result of any penalty being declared a Goal or No Goal.



#### **Penalty Shootout**

1. Predict Yes or No, as to whether a specific match will progress to a Penalty Shootout.
2. Settlement will be based on game progressing to a Penalty Shootout, irrespective of whether Extra Time may be played.



#### **Penalty Shootout – Finishing Round**

1. Predict the round in which the Penalty Shootout will end.
2. Settlement will be based on the match ending in the 3rd, 4th, 5th or 6 (or later) round of a Penalty Shootout.
3. If the match is abandoned before any result has been declared, then any bets on this market will be considered void.



#### Competition Markets



#### **League: General Rules**

1. The market will be settled when the result is confirmed.
2. Markets will be settled based on the official result by the relevant governing body for the league.
3. Point's deductions will count for all league markets.
4. Outright Competition Rules apply.



#### **League: Group Betting**

1. Predict which team from those stated will finish in the highest league position over the course of the league season.



#### **League: Season Handicap Markets**

1. Predict which team will win the stated league based on handicap points being applied to all teams.

2. Handicap points are added to the real finishing points of each team in the stated league.

3. The team with most handicap points + real points (combined) will be declared the winner.

4. The tie rule does not apply.

5. Each teams Handicap points value will not change during the season, however prices (and place terms) will be adjusted.

6. The full list of Handicap points (pre-season) for each team will be displayed beside their selection names.

7. The following example is based on a league with 5 teams.

  | **Teams**  | **End of Season Points** | **Handicap Points** | **Combined Points** | **Finishing Position** |
  | :--------: | :----------------------: | :-----------------: | :-----------------: | :--------------------: |
  |   Team 1   |            90            |          3          |         93          |          2nd           |
  |   Team 2   |            85            |          0          |         85          |          5th           |
  |   Team 3   |            82            |          5          |         87          |          4th           |
  | **Team 4** |          **79**          |       **15**        |       **94**        |        **1st**         |
  |   Team 5   |            79            |          9          |         88          |          3rd           |



#### **League: Team to Finish Bottom**

1. Predict which team will finish bottom of the specific league over the course of the league season.
2. This market is also known as 'Rock Bottom'.



#### **League: Team to be Relegated**

1. Predict which team will be relegated from the competition.
2. All relegated teams will be settled as full winning selections, i.e. the tie rule does not apply.
3. If a team is removed from a league or liquidated, bets on that team will be void. If this happens before the start of the season the whole market will be void and a new market will be opened.



#### **League: Team to Stay Up**

1. Predict which team will not be relegated from the competition.
2. All teams that are not relegated will be settled as full winning selections, i.e.the tie rule does not apply.
3. If a team is removed from a league or liquidated, bets on that team will be void. If this happens before the start of the season the whole market will be void and a new market will be opened.



#### **League: Team to be Promoted**

1. Predict which team will be promoted from the competition.
2. This market will include both automatic promotion positions as well as promotion via any play off structure used for the specified competition.
3. All teams that are promoted will be settled as full winning selections, i.e.the tie rule does not apply.
4. If a team is removed from a league or liquidated, bets on that team will be void. If this happens before the start of the season the whole market will be void and a new market will be opened.



#### **League: Top Newcomer**

1. Predict which team, of the newly promoted teams, will finish the season with the highest league position.



#### **Competition: Highest Scoring Team**

1. Predict which team will score the most goals during the competition.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. Goals scored in Penalty Shootouts are not included.
4. If a match is abandoned, we will count the goals scored based on the official result by the governing body. This can include a restart of the match or an allocated score line.



#### **Competition: Team to Concede the Most Goals**

1. Predict which team will concede the most goals during the competition.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. Goals conceded in Penalty Shootouts are not included.
4. If a match is abandoned, we will count the goals scored based on the official result by the governing body. This can include a restart of the match or an allocated score line.



#### **Competition: Total Goals**

1. Predict how many goals will be scored during the competition.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. Goals scored in Penalty Shootouts will not count for competition total goals.
4. If a match is abandoned, we will count the goals scored based on the official result by the governing body. This can include a restart of the match or an allocated score line.



#### **Competition: Will a Hat-trick be Scored?**

1. Predict will any player score a Hat-trick during the competition.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. Goals scored in Penalty Shootouts will not count towards a Hat-trick.
4. A Hat-trick will be achieved if a player scores 3 or more goals in a single match.
5. If a match is abandoned, we will count the goals scored based on the official result by the governing body. This can include a restart of the match or an allocated score line. If a hat-trick is scored before a match is abandoned and the match is restarted at 0-0 or a different score line is allocated by the governing body, the hat-trick will not count.



#### **Competition: Total Hat-tricks**

1. Predict how many Hat-tricks will be scored during the competition.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. Goals scored in Penalty Shootouts will not count in the Hat-trick competition total.
4. A Hat-trick will be achieved if a player scores 3 or more goals in a single match.
5. If a match is abandoned, we will count the goals scored based on the official result by the governing body. This can include a restart of the match or an allocated score line. If a hat-trick is scored before a match is abandoned and the match is restarted at 0-0 or a different score line is allocated by the governing body, the hat-trick will not count.



#### **Competition: Total Red Cards**

1. Predict how many Red Cards will be issued during the competition.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. Any Red Card issued to non-players (e.g. managers, coaches or substitutes) do not count.
4. Red Cards issued during a Penalty Shootout do not count.
5. If a match is abandoned after a Red Card is issued, the Red Card will count in the "Total Red Cards" competition total.



#### **Competition - Total Yellow Cards**

1. Predict how many Yellow Cards will be issued during the competition.
2. All bets apply to 90 minutes of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. Any Yellow Card issued to non-players (e.g. managers, coaches or substitutes) do not count.
4. Yellow Card issued during a Penalty Shootout do not count.
5. If a same player received the second Yellow Card , the card will be counted.



#### **Competition: City with Most Goals**

1. Predict which city will have the most goals during the competition.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. Goals scored in Penalty Shootouts will not count towards the 'City with Most Goals' total.
4. If a match is abandoned, we will count the goals scored based on the official result by the governing body. This can include a restart of the match or an allocated score line.



#### **Competition: Winning Group**

1. Predict which team group will feature the winning team of the competition.
2. Outright Competition Rules apply.



#### **Competition: Team to Finish Bottom of Group**

1. Predict which team will finish bottom of the Group.
2. Outright Competition Rules apply.



#### **Competition: Origin of Winner**

1. Predict the origin of the winning of the competition.
2. The origin could be the region, country or continent of the winning team.
3. Outright Competition Rules apply.



#### **Competition: To Qualify**

1. Predict which team will qualify and progress to the next round of stated competition.
2. Market is based on Full-Time score and includes any Extra Time or Penalties needed to declare a winner.
3. Outright Competition Rules apply.



#### **Competition: Stage of Elimination**

1. Predict at which stage the stated team will be eliminated from the competition.
2. Outright Competition Rules apply.



#### **Competition: Nominate the Finalists**

1. Predict which teams will contest the final of the tournament.
2. Outright Competition Rules apply.



#### **Competition: Final Referee**

1. Predict who will be the referee for the final of the competition.
2. The market will be settled after the start of the final, on the referee who starts the final, regardless of any previous announcements.
3. Outright Competition Rules apply.



#### **Straight Forecast Finishing Order (League and Competition)**

1. Predict which two selections will finish in 1st and 2nd, in the order named, for the stated league / competition.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. If a match is abandoned, we will count the goals scored based on the official result by the governing body. This can include a restart of the match or an allocated score line.



#### **Dual Forecast Finishing Order (League and Competition)**

1. Predict which two teams will finish in the top two positions, in any order, of the stated league / competition in which they are participating.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. If a match is abandoned, we will count the goals scored based on the official result by the governing body. This can include a restart of the match or an allocated score line.



#### **Top Goal Scorer**

1. Predict who will score the most goals in a specific competition.
2. In the event of more than one player being top scorer, dead heat rules apply.
3. Players who are listed to play for their teams are considered valid bets, regardless if they are injured, suspended or do not take part in the competition for whatever reason.
4. In the event that a player is transferred to a different club within the same league, goals scored prior to the move will be counted. If a player is transferred to a club in another league, goals scored prior to the transfer will not be brought over to their new league. All bets will stand in both of the above scenarios.
5. Own goals do not count.
6. For purely league competitions, only goals scored in the league determines the total number of goals scored by the player for that competition. Any goals scored in playoff matches do not count.



#### **Top Team Goal Scorer**

1. Predict which player will score the most goals for their stated team during the competition.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. Goals scored in Penalty Shootouts are not included.
4. This market applies to all matches the team plays in the competition.
5. Dead heat rules apply. Any method used to determine a tied result, e.g. counting assists, will not be used for settlement purposes.



#### **Top Goal Scorer / Competition Winner Double**

1. Predict which player will score the most goals and which team will win the stated competition.
2. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play and extra time according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
3. Goals scored in Penalty Shootouts are not included.
4. If more than one player is tied for Top Goal scorer, dead heat rules apply. Any method used to determine a tied result, e.g. counting assists, will not be used for settlement purposes.



#### **Highest Scoring Group**

1. Predict in which group will the most goals be scored during the competition.
2. Only goals scored in the Group Stages will count.
3. All bets apply to "90 minutes" of play according to the match officials, plus any stoppage time.
4. If a match is abandoned, we will count the goals scored based on the official result by the governing body. This can include a restart of the match or an allocated score line.



#### **Extra Time**

1. Predict yes or no as to whether Extra Time period will apply to a specific game.
2. Settlement will be based on the result of the game finishing within the normal "90 Minutes" or progressing to Extra Time.



#### **Competition: 3rd Place Winner**

1. Predict which team will win the 3rd Place Playoff event between the two teams listed.
2. Settlement will be based on the result after Full Time, Extra Time or Penalty Shootout.
3. Outright competition rules apply.



#### **Competition: Group X Winner**

1. Predict which of the 2 teams listed will finish top of their respective group.
2. Settlement will be based on all group matches being finished and a group winner being the declared by the official governing body.
3. Should the two teams be tied, the official governing body’s determination of the winner will be used (Goal Difference, Head to Head etc.)
4. Should no group winner be declared, all bets will be void.



#### Combined Markets



#### **1 X 2 & Goals Over / Under**

1. Predict the result of the match after "90 Minutes" as well as whether the total number of goals scored will be over or under a specified amount.
2. Settlement will be based on the selected result of Win, Lose or Draw for a specific team and the total number of goals scored within the match.
3. If the match is suspended or abandoned before any result has been declared, then any bets on this market will be considered void



#### **1 X 2 & Both Teams To Score**

1. Predict the result of the match after "90 Minutes" as well as whether both teams will score a goal in the game.
2. Settlement will be based on the selected result of Win, Lose or Draw for a specific team and the number of goals scored by each team.
3. If the match is suspended or abandoned before any result has been declared, then any bets on this market will be considered void.



#### **1 X 2 & 1st Team To Score**

1. Predict the result of the match after "90 Minutes" as well as the team that will score the first goal scored.
2. Settlement will be based on the selected result of Win, Lose or Draw for a specific team as well as the correct selection of first team to score.
3. If the match is suspended or abandoned before any result has been declared, then any bets on this market will be considered void.
4. If no 1st Goal is scored in the game, then all bets will be settled as a loss.



#### **1 X 2 & Goals Odd / Even**

1. Predict the result of the match after "90 Minutes" as well as whether the totals number of goals scored will be an odd or even amount.
2. Settlement will be based on the selected result of Win, Lose or Draw for a specific team and the total goals being odd or even.
3. If the match is suspended or abandoned before any result has been declared, then any bets on this market will be considered void.



#### **Goals Over / Under & Both Teams To Score**

1. Predict whether the total number of goals recorded within the game will be over or under the stated amount as well as whether both teams score.
2. Settlement will be based on the total goals recorded after "90 Minutes" in addition to whether both teams have scored.
3. If the match is suspended or abandoned before any result has been declared, then the following conditions will apply:

  a.If both teams have scored 1 or more goals and the total goals scored is greater than the stated 'line', the bet will be considered valid.

  b.If both teams have not scored 1 or more goals before the game is suspended or abandoned, the bet will be considered void.



#### **Goals Over / Under & Goal Odd / Even**

1. Predict whether the total number of goals scored within the game will be over or under the stated amount as well whether the totals number of goals scored will be an odd or even amount.
2. Settlement will be based on the total goals recorded after "90 Minutes" in addition to whether the total goals recorded was odd or even.
3. If the match is suspended or abandoned before any result has been declared, then any bets on this market will be considered void.



#### **Goals Over / Under & 1st Team To Score**

1. Predict whether the total number of goals scored within the game will be over or under the stated amount as well which team will score the first goal.
2. Settlement will be based on the total goals recorded after "90 Minutes" in addition to the correct selection of which team will record the first goal.
3. If the match is suspended or abandoned before any result has been declared, then the following conditions will apply:

  a.If the total goals scored at time of suspension or abandonment is greater than the stated 'line', the bet will be considered valid.

  b.If the total goals scored at time of suspension or abandonment is less than the stated 'line', the bet will be considered void.
4. If no 1st Goal is scored in the game, then all bets will be settled as a loss.



#### **Double Chance & Goals Over / Under**

1. Predict the correct result from the outcomes available as well as whether the total goals scored in the game will be over or under a stated amount.
2. Settlement is based on the correct selection of possible outcomes (stated below) as well as the total number of goals recorded after "90 Minutes".
3. The 3 possible outcomes are:

  a.Home Win and Draw (1 & X)

  b.Away Win and Draw (X & 2)

  c.Home Win and Away Win (1 & 2)
4. If the match is abandoned before any result has been declared, then any bets on this market will be considered void.



#### Other Markets



#### **Total Home and Away Team in a Particular League**

In certain leagues, the company will offer the member the opportunity to bet across events to determine the outcome of the events combined. This market combines all the home team results against all the away team results. For neutral matches, Team 1 will be considered the 'Home Team' for this market. Below is a breakdown of the rules for the individual bet types we offer.





#### **Total Home and Away in a Particular League: Handicap**

1. Predict the result of all the home teams against all the away teams with the indicated handicap applied through the full "90 minutes" of play.



#### Fantasy Matches

These are events where two teams, from two separate matches are paired together for predicting imaginary market type outcomes.

1. Fantasy markets are settled on the basis of goals scored by each team in their respective match.
2. Should one (or both) of the matches be abandoned, suspended or postponed and fail to resume within 36hrs, then all bets on that Fantasy Match will be void.
3. Should one (or both) of the events progress to Extra Time or a Penalty Shootout only the Full-Time score at “90minutes” (including ‘Injury Time’) will apply.
4. Home or Away venue has no consideration or impact on the result and settlement of a Fantasy Match.
5. For any fantasy market offered, settlement will obey the specific market type rules listed above.



#### E-Football Matches

1. These matches may be offered in virtual simulation or player v player format.
2. Settlement will be based on the official score at the end of the match duration stated within the Competition Name (e.g. 18 Mins Play)
3. Should no duration be stated, settlement will be based on the official score for the match under that specific competition.
4. In the event of a “Re-make” or “Re-creation” within 12 hours, bets will be settled based on the official result.
5. The ordering of team names (Home or Away) will not be relevant to E-Football Match settlement. For example, if our fixture states Team 1 v Team 2, but the Official Competition states Team 2 v Team 1, all wagers will be valid.